Time dependent boundary conditions for auxiliary physics (#924)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/cfd/boundary_conditions_cfd.rst

    Likewise, if ``number = 2`` and there is no ``subsection bc 0`` explicitly stated, the boundary is still created, with ``none`` by default.

> * ``time dependent`` specifies if a  boundary condition is time dependent (``true``) or steady (``false``). By default, this parameter is set to ``false``. This is here to improve the computational efficiency for transient cases in which the boundary conditions do not change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``time dependent`` specifies if a  boundary condition is time dependent (``true``) or steady (``false``). By default, this parameter is set to ``false``. This improves the computational efficiency for transient cases in which the boundary conditions do not change.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``time dependent`` specifies if a  boundary condition is time-dependent (``true``) or steady (``false``). By default, this parameter is set to ``false``. This improves the computational efficiency for transient cases in which the boundary conditions do not change.
```

> * ``time dependent`` specifies if a  boundary condition is time dependent (``true``) or steady (``false``). By default, this parameter is set to ``false``. This is here to improve the computational efficiency for transient cases in which the boundary conditions do not change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``time dependent`` specifies if a  boundary condition is time-dependent (``true``) or steady (``false``). By default, this parameter is set to ``false``. This is here to improve the computational efficiency for transient cases in which the boundary conditions do not change.
```

> * ``time dependent`` specifies if a  boundary condition is time dependent (``true``) or steady (``false``). By default, this parameter is set to ``false``. This is here to improve the computational efficiency for transient cases in which the boundary conditions do not change.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* ``time dependent`` specifies if a boundary condition is time dependent (``true``) or steady (``false``). By default, this parameter is set to ``false``. This is here to improve the computational efficiency for transient cases in which the boundary conditions do not change.
```
